# vote_tracker
Our pair includes Alex and Jessica.
Our approach to the function is as followed:

1. We call global_init() (line 151), which will create an array called working_array that contains image objects with a name property (the image file name) and a vote property that gets generated by the function getRandIntOnRange (a, b). working_array serves as our reference for the set of image objects that we have, and its content is not altered thoughout the whole process.

2. Once the fnPool array is ready, we called the function resetPool() (line 152), which first calls the function resetImgs() to initiated the voteAllowed variable to true, and to set the class names of imgLeftE and imgRightE to 'imgNormal'. Then, resetPool() will check if there is any chart object exists. If there is a chart object exists on the page, resetPool will destroy that object. Then resetPool() will copy the content of working_array to fnPool array.

3. On line 153, we call showRandImg(). This function will generate two indices, index_1 and index_2 randomly using the getRandIntOnRange(a,b) fucntion. Then it will check if index_1 and index_2 are the same. While these two are the same, it keep calling getrandIntOnRange(a,b) to generate a new index value for index_2. Finally, this function will attach the source to the corresponding photos to the imgLeftE and imgRightE (line 67 and 68).

4. Once the images are shown on the website, the event listeners for imgLeftE and imgRightE will fire on either mouseover or click event. This will in turn call the function selectImg() which will change the class name of the image element that the user hovered over, or clicked on, to "imgPicked". Then this function will check if the image picked was the left image element or the right image element (by compared their class name to "imgPicked") and assign either index_1 or index_2 to the variable idxSelect correspondingly.

5. When the user click on the vote button, the function recordVote() is called. This function will check if the idxSelect is index_1. If it is, then it will increase the value of the vote property of the object with index equals index_1 inside the fnPool array by 1, changes voteAllowed to false (so that users cannot vote again), changes the vote button visibility to hidden, and call the function showChart() which will graph the chart onto the webpage. If it is the other way around, it will do the same thing but with the value of index_2. Once the chart is graphed, this function will compare index_1 and index_2 and picks out the larger value. It will then remove the object with the larger index number from the array fnPool first, then remove the other object with smaller index value. This will ensure that we remove the exact two objects from the array fnPool.

6. When the user click on the New Pair button, the function newPair() is called. It will hide the New Pair button and display the Vote button. Then it will destroy any chart object in the DOM. this function will then check if the length of fnPool is less than 2. If it is, then it call the resetPool() function again to copy the content of the working_array back to fnPool. If not, then it just set the value of voteAllowed to be true to let the user vote. Finally, it will call the showRandImg)() function to show the images again.

For jquery, we only substitute the getElementByID method with $('#id')[0]. The rest of the code stays the same.
